TEP-0116: Referencing Finally Task Results in Pipeline Results (#5170)
tektoncd/pipeline: docs/pipelines.md

`skippedTasks` and continues executing rest of the `finally` tasks. The pipeline exits with `completion` instead of
`success` if a `finally` task is added to the list of `skippedTasks`.

### Consuming `Pipeline` result with `finally`

`finally` tasks can emit `Results` and these results emitted from the `finally` tasks can be configured in the
[Pipeline Results](#emitting-results-from-a-pipeline). References of `Results` from `finally` will follow the same naming conventions as referencing `Results` from `tasks`: ```$(finally.<finally-pipelinetask-name>.result.<result-name>)```.

```yaml

> results:

Reviewer: Could you include the finally task in this example with a result so it's clear that's what the result is referring to?

Author: done, thank you for the feedback!

`skippedTasks` and continues executing rest of the `finally` tasks. The pipeline exits with `completion` instead of
`success` if a `finally` task is added to the list of `skippedTasks`.

### Consuming `Pipeline` result with `finally`

`finally` tasks can emit `Results` and these results emitted from the `finally` tasks can be configured in the
[Pipeline Results](#emitting-results-from-a-pipeline). References of `Results` from `finally` will follow the same naming conventions as referencing `Results` from `tasks`: ```$(finally.<finally-pipelinetask-name>.result.<result-name>)```.

```yaml
results:
  - name: comment-count-validate
    value: $(finally.check-count.results.comment-count-validate)
finally:
  - name: check-count
    taskRef: 
      name: example-task-name
```

> In this example, `pipelineResults` in `status` will show the name-value pair for the result `comment-count-validate` which is referenced in the `Task` `example-task-name`. `finally` support `pipelineResults` was designed and discussed in [TEP-0116](https://github.com/tektoncd/community/pull/746).

Reviewer 2: clarifying the wording, and the TEP reference is not needed in user documentation

```suggestion
In this example, `pipelineResults` in `status` will show the name-value pair for the result `comment-count-validate` which is produced in the `Task` `example-task-name`.
```

Author: done, thank you!
